ROX-24873: Add deprecation notice for error field in error message (#11620)
stackrox/stackrox: CHANGELOG.md

- Slim/Full Collector images have been deprecated and will be removed in a
  future release. The two image flavors are now functionally identical (neither contain any kernel drivers.)

> - The field `error` returned for failed API calls has been deprecated, and it will be removed in a future release. Instead of using the `error` field, the `message` field should be used. The `message` field contains the same information as the `error` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The field `error` returned for failed API calls has been deprecated, and it will be removed in a future release. Instead of using the `error` field, use the `message` field. The `message` field contains the same information as the `error` field.
```
